'''Badges''', also known as '''Accolades''' and '''Achievements''', are granted to players of {{Peak game}} upon completing certain actions. Once obtained, they are displayed on the [[Scout]]'s equipped [[sash]]. Every badge has an associated reward [[cosmetic]] item.

A full list of badges can be viewed in-game on the Accolades screen accessible via the pause menu. Hovering over a badge shows its name and description. Badges which are not yet unlocked are greyed out, with their names replaced with question marks. The player's current [[sash]] and successful expeditions count are also shown.

All badges, except {{Badge|Undead Encounter}}, can be earned under all difficulties, including [[Ascents|Tenderfoot]].

== List of badges ==
{| class="wikitable sortable"
 ! class="unsortable" | Icon
 ! Badge
 ! class="unsortable" |  Criteria
 ! Reward
|-
 | id="24 Karat Badge" | {{Badge|24 Karat|link=0|size=64px}}
 | 24 Karat Badge
 | Offer The [[Kiln]] a worthy sacrifice.
Steps {{c|contains spoilers}}:
# {{Spoiler|While in the [[Mesa]], locate the entrance to the [[Tomb]].}}
#{{Spoiler|Navigate the parkour puzzle and collect the [[Ancient Idol]] at the end.}}
# {{Spoiler|Carry the idol to the [[Kiln]] where it must be dropped into the lava. All living players receive this badge when the idol is destroyed, regardless of who threw it into the lava.}}
 | {{Item|Bing Bong Hat|label=Bing Bong Beanie}}
|-
 | id="Advanced Mycology Badge" | {{Badge|Advanced Mycology|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Advanced Mycology Badge
 | Try all 5 types of [[Shroomberry]] in a single expedition.

* When a player feeds another, the feeding player receives credit towards the badge.
* Granted immediately upon eating your 5th type.
| {{Item|Hat Antlers|link=Antlers|label=Antlers}}
|-
 | id="Aeronautics Badge" | {{Badge|Aeronautics|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Aeronautics Badge
 | Achieve flight.

* Requires a total of six {{Item|Balloon}}s, individual or from {{Item|Balloon Bunch}}.
** Equip all six balloons and float to receive the badge.
| {{Item|Astronaut Helmet|link=Astronaut Helmet|label=Astronaut}} <br> {{Item|Astronaut Outfit}}
|-
 | id="Alpinist Badge" | {{Badge|Alpinist|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Alpinist Badge
 | Climb past the [[ALPINE]].

* Granted to all living players when the campfire at the end is lit, even if they were just revived.
| {{Item|Aviator Cap|link=Aviator Cap|label=Aviator Hat}}
|-
 | id="Animal Serenading Badge" | {{Badge|Animal Serenading|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Animal Serenading Badge
 | Play the {{Item|Bugle}} for a [[Capybara]].

* Capybaras are found in the [[Alpine]] and [[Mesa]].
* {{Item|Bugle of Friendship}} or {{Item|Scoutmaster's Bugle}} can also used for this badge.
 | {{Item|Kril Hat|link=Kril Hat|label=Crab Hat}}
|-
 | id="Applied Esoterica Badge" | {{Badge|Applied Esoterica|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Applied Esoterica Badge
 | Ressurect a friend using [[The Book of Bones|unholy means]].

* Granted to the player who performs the resurrection
| {{Item|Fit SkeleOnesie|link=Skeleton Onesie|label=Skeleton Onesie}}
|-
 | id="Arborist Badge" | {{Badge|Arborist|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Arborist Badge
 | Reach the top of a really big tree.

* Big trees are found in the [[Tropics]].
* Granted immediately upon reaching the top of the largest bough.
 | {{Item|Eyes Realistic|link=Realistic Eyes|label=Real Eyes}}
|-
 | id="Astronomy Badge" | {{Badge|Astronomy|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Astronomy Badge
 | Look a little too closely at the blazing sun.

* Use the {{Item|Binoculars}} to look at the sun in the [[Mesa]].
 | {{Item|Accessory Matrix Glasses|label=Matrix Glasses|link=Matrix Glasses}}
|-
 | id="Balloon Badge" | {{Badge|Balloon|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Balloon Badge
 | Escape the [[island]] without taking fall damage.

* Granted to any living players who did not take fall damage, even if they were resurrected during the expedition.
| {{Item|Russell's Outfit Shorts|link=Russell's Outfit|label=Balloon Outfit}}
|-
 | id="Beachcomber Badge" | {{Badge|Beachcomber|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Beachcomber Badge
 | Climb past the [[SHORE]].

* Granted to all living players when the campfire at the end is lit, even if they were just revived.
| {{Item|Straw Hat}}
|-
 | id="Bing Bong Badge" | {{Badge|Bing Bong|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Bing Bong Badge
 | Escape the [[island]] with {{Item|Bing Bong}}.

* All players, alive or dead, earn this Badge when escaping so long as one living player has Bing Bong in their invenroty.
 | {{Item|Propeller Hat}}
|-
 | id="Bookworm Badge" | {{Badge|Bookworm|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Bookworm Badge
 | Read all of [[Scoutmaster Myres]]'s journal entries.

* {{Item|Scroll}}s can randomly be found at Campfires. Each subsequent scroll that a player opens will be the next page that the player who opened it requires. If three scrolls have previously been obtained, the journal 4 will be found.
* Obtained immediately upon opening the final scroll.
 | {{Item|Accessory Broken Glasses|label=Broken Glasses|link=Broken Glasses}}
|-
 | id="Bouldering Badge" | {{Badge|Bouldering|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Bouldering Badge
 | Place 10 {{Item|Piton|label=Pitons}}.

* Tracked across multiple expeditions.
* Granted immediately upon placing your 10th total Piton.
| {{Item|Eyes Starry|link=Starry Eyes|label=Anime Eyes}}
|-
 | id="Bundled Up Badge" | {{Badge|Bundled Up|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Bundled Up Badge
 | Climb past the [[ALPINE]] without ever having more than 20% {{Cold}}.

* Granted to all living players who meet the requirements when the campfire at the end is lit, even if they were just revived.
| {{item|Fit Ice Blue|link=Ice Blue|label=Ice Blue}} <br> {{item|Fit Ice Pink|link=Ice Pink|label=Ice Pink}}
|-
 | id="Calcium Intake Badge" | {{Badge|Calcium Intake|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Calcium Intake Badge
 | Block 100 total damage with the [[Fortified Milk]].

* "Damage" refers to any affliction besides {{Weight}}.

* Tracked across multiple expeditions.
* Granted immediately upon blocking the final required damage.
| {{Item|Accessory ThirdEye|link=Third Eye|label=Third Eye}}
|-
 | id="Clutch Badge" | {{Badge|Clutch|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Clutch Badge
 | Revive 3 [[scout]]s in a single expedition.
* A single player revived multiple times counts multiple times for this badge.
* Granted immediately upon reviving your third scout.
 | {{Item|Sailor's Hat|link=Sailor's Hat|label=Sailor Hat}}
|-
 | id="Competitive Eating Badge" | {{Badge|Competitive Eating|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Competitive Eating Badge
 | Eat 3 [[Hot Dog]]s in 5 seconds or less.

* Granted immediately upon eating the final hot dog.
| {{Item|Hat DrinkHat|link=Drink Hat|label=Drink Hat}}
|-
 | id="Cooking Badge" | {{Badge|Cooking|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Cooking Badge
 | Cook 20 meals at campfires.

* Tracked across multiple expeditions.
* Any item cooked at a campfire adds to the progress for this badge, regardless of if it is edible.
* Granted immediately upon cooking your 20th item.
| {{Item|Chef's Hat|link=Chef's Hat|label=Chef Hat}}
|-
 | id="Cool Cucumber Badge" | {{Badge|Cool Cucumber|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Cool Cucumber Badge
 | Climb past the [[MESA]] without ever having more than 10% {{Heat}}.

* Granted to all living players who meet the requirements when the campfire at the end is lit, even if they were just revived.
| {{Item|Gallon Hat}}
{{Item|Cowboy Outfit}}
 |-
 | id="Cryptogastronomy Badge" | {{Badge|Cryptogastronomy|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Cryptogastronomy Badge
 | Cook and eat a [[Mandrake]].

* Immediately granted to a player who eats or is fed a cooked mandrake.
| {{Item|Hat Sprout|link=Sprout Hat|label=Sprout Hat}}
|-
 | id="Daredevil Badge" | {{Badge|Daredevil|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Daredevil Badge
 | Shoot across the [[MESA]] canyon in a {{Item|Scout Cannon}}.

* Immediately granted to a player who lands within the target zone after being launched from the cannon.
| {{Item|Racing Helmet}}
|-
 | id="Disaster Response Badge" | {{Badge|Disaster Response|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Disaster Response Badge
 | Pull an unconscious friend 30m with the [[Rescue Claw]].

* Immediately granted to the player using the item.
| {{Item|Hat ClimbingHelmet|link=Climbing Helmet|label=Climbing Helmet}}
{{Item|Fit Climber|link=Climber Outfit|label=Climber Outfit}}
|-
 | id="Emergency Preparedness Badge" | {{Badge|Emergency Preparedness|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Emergency Preparedness Badge
 | Heal an unconscious friend with an item to save them from death.

* Immediately granted upon using an item that reduces an unconscious player's total afflictions below 100.
* Only applies to direct item applications. Items like the {{Item|Faerie Lantern}} or {{Item|Remedy Fungus}} will not grant this badge.
| {{Item|Sailor's Outfit Shorts|link=Sailor's Outfit|label=Sailor Outfit}}
|-
 | id="Endurance Badge" | {{Badge|Endurance|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Endurance Badge
 | Climb 50m upwards without touching the ground.

* Granted immediately upon reaching the 50m mark.
* The player must climb the full length, grabbing onto a {{Item|Piton}} or other climbing tool qualifies as touching the ground.
| {{Item|Ninja Headband}}
|-
 | id="Esoterica Badge" | {{Badge|Esoterica|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Esoterica Badge
 | Obtain a [[mystical item]].

* Granted immediately upon picking up the item.
| {{Item|Wizard Hat}}
|-
 | id="First Aid Badge" | {{Badge|First Aid|link=0|size=64px}}
 | First Aid Badge
 | Heal your friends for 100 points of {{Injury}} in a single expedition.

* Granted to the healing player.
* Only counts direct item applications. Usage of items like the {{Item|Faerie Lantern}} or {{Item|Remedy Fungus}} will not count towards this badge.
| {{Item|Medic Helmet|link=Medic Helmet|label=Medic Hat}}
|-
 | id="Foraging Badge" | {{Badge|Foraging|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Foraging Badge
 | Eat 5 different berries in one expedition.
* Counts unique items, i.e. a {{Item|Green Crispberry}} is considered a different berry from a {{Item|Red Crispberry}}.
* {{Item|Red Shroomberry|label=Shroomberries}} count towards this badge.
* Feeding a berry to another scout counts towards your own badge progress, rather than theirs.
* Granted immediately upon eating the final berry.
 | {{Item|Mouth Tongue|link=Tongue Mouth|label=Wacky Mouth}}
|-
 | id="Forestry Badge" | {{Badge|Forestry|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Forestry Badge
 | Climb past the [[ROOTS]].

* Granted to all living players when the campfire at the end is lit, even if they were just revived.
| {{Item|Hat Gnome|link=Gnome Hat|label=Gnome Hat}}
{{Item|Fit Gnome|link=Gnome Outfit|label=Gnome Outfit}}
|-
 | id="Gourmand Badge" | {{Badge|Gourmand|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Gourmand Badge
 | Escape the [[island]] after cooking and eating a {{Item|Half-Coconut}}, {{Item|Honeycomb}}, {{Item|Yellow Winterberry}}, and an {{Item|Egg}}.

* Feeding another player one of the required items adds towards your own progress rather than the fed player's.
* The item must have been cooked at least once by any means. Well-Done, Burnt, and Incinerated items also count towards the badge.
* Granted upon escaping the island alive after meeting the requirements.
| {{Item|Mouth Aggro|label=Aggro Mouth|link=Aggro Mouth}} <br> {{Item|Eyes Monster|link=Monster Eyes|label=Aggro Eyes}}
|-
 | id="Happy Camper Badge" | {{Badge|Happy Camper|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Happy Camper Badge
 | Receive 5 [[Morale Boost|Morale Boosts]] from [[Campfire|campfires]].

* Granted immediately upon receiving the final Morale Boost.
* Granted to any living player in range.
| {{Item|School Uniform Shorts|link=School Uniform|label=Cookie Outfit}}
|-
 | id="Hasty Badge" | {{Badge|Hasty|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Hasty Badge
 | Escape the [[island]] in under an hour.
* Escaping in an hour ''exactly'' also counts.
* Granted to all living players at the end of a qualifying expedition.
 | {{Item|Messenger Cap|link=Messenger Cap|label=Courier Hat}}
|-
 | id="High Altitude Badge" | {{Badge|High Altitude|link=0|size=64px}}
 | High Altitude Badge
 | Climb 5000m in total.

* A single expedition is {{formatnum:1920}}m.
* Progress is counted in 5m increments.
* No progress is given before reaching 25m.
* Granted immediately upon reaching the required height.
 | {{Item|Headband|link=Headband|label=Bandana}}
|-
 | id="Knot Tying Badge" | {{Badge|Knot Tying|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Knot Tying Badge
 | Place 100m of [[rope]] in a single expedition.

* This includes {{Item|Rope Spool}}, {{Item|Anti-Rope Spool}}, {{Item|Rope Cannon}}, and {{Item|Anti-Rope Cannon}}.
* Both rope spools have 12.5m of rope. Both rope cannons have 7.5m of rope.
* Granted immediately upon placing the final required rope.
| {{Item|Accessory Ribbon Bow|link=Ribbon Bow|label=Bow}}
|-
 | id="Leave No Trace Badge" | {{Badge|Leave No Trace|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Leave No Trace Badge
 | Escape the island without placing anything on the mountain.
* Avoid using any item that requires being placed or mounted to a surface, including {{Item|Rope Spool}} and {{Item|Rope Cannon}} and their [[Anti-Rope]] variants), {{Item|Piton}}, {{Item|Portable Stove}}, {{Item|Scout Cannon}}, and {{Item|Scout Effigy}}.
* Thrown items such as the  {{Item|Shelf Fungus}} and {{Item|Magic Bean}} are safe for this achievement.
* Granted to all living players upon escaping the island if none of the prohibited items were used.
 | {{Item|Accessory Incognito Face|link=Incognito Face|label=Groucho}}
|-
 | id="Lone Wolf Badge" | {{Badge|Lone Wolf|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Lone Wolf Badge
 | Escape the [[island]] in a solo expedition.
 | {{Item|Wolf Ears}}
|-
 | id="Megaentomology Badge" | {{Badge|Megaentomology|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Megaentomology Badge
 | Survive an [[Antlion]] attack.
* Requires taking damage from an Antlion and then escaping alive by walking some distance away from the antlion mound.
 | {{Item|Accessory Scar2|link=Scar 2|label=Scar 2}}
|-
 | id="Mentorship Badge" | {{Badge|Mentorship|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Mentorship Badge
 | Have a 1-on-1 with the [[Scoutmaster Myres|Scoutmaster]].

* Granted immediately upon being within a certain range of the scoutmaster while holding their aggro.
| {{Item|Eyes Inverted|label=Inverted Eyes|link=Inverted Eyes}}
|-
 | id="Mycoacrobatics Badge" | {{Badge|Mycoacrobatics|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Mycoacrobatics Badge
 | Bounce up 40m off a [[Bounce Fungus|mushroom]].

* Works with any mushroom you can bounce off.

* Granted immediately upon bouncing the required height.

* Climbing 40m up a vine or chain after bouncing off a mushroom will also work.
| {{Item|Hat Fairy|link=Fairy Hat|label=Fairy Hat}}
{{Item|Fit Fairy|link=Fairy Outfit|label=Fairy Outfit}}
|-
 | id="Mycology Badge" | {{Badge|Mycology|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Mycology Badge
 | Eat four different non-toxic [[Food#Mushrooms|mushrooms]] in a single expedition.

* Feeding another player counts towards your own count instead of theirs.
* {{Item|Red Shroomberry|label=Shroomberries}} do not count towards this badge.
* Granted immediately upon eating the final [[Mushroom]].
| {{Item|Mushroom Cap|link=Mushroom Cap|label=Mushroom Hat}}
|-
 | id="Naturalist Badge" | {{Badge|Naturalist|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Naturalist Badge
 | Escape the [[island]] without eating any [[packaged food]].
* Any [[natural food]] is safe for this badge, including {{Item|Cure-All}}, {{Item|Pandora's Lunchbox}}, {{Item|Marshmallow}}s, and {{Item|Hot Dog}}.
* Feeding another player counts towards your own badge progress, rather than theirs.
* Granted to any living players who meet the requirements after escaping the island.
 | {{Item|Flower Garland|link=Flower Garland|label=Midsummer Hat}}
|-
 | id="Needlepoint Badge" | {{Badge|Needlepoint|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Needlepoint Badge
 | Have a lot of [[Cactus|Cactuses]] stuck to you.

* Requires sticking five {{Item|Cactus|label=Cacti}} to the player, which will cause loss of consciousness. The cacti can either be picked off at the last moment solo or with the help of other players.
* A cactus held in hand does not count towards this badge.
 | {{Item|Sun Hat}}
|-
 | id="Nomad Badge" | {{Badge|Nomad|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Nomad Badge
 | Climb past the [[MESA]].

* Granted to all living players who meet the requirements when the campfire at the end is lit, even if they were just revived.
| {{Item|Desert Hat}}
|-
 | id="Participation Badge" | {{Badge|Participation|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Participation Badge
 | Have a friend escape the [[island]] without you.

* Granted to all dead players upon escaping the island.
| {{Item|Castaway Outfit Shorts|link=Castaway Outfit|label=Castaway Outfit}}
|-
 | id="Peak Badge" | {{Badge|Peak|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Peak Badge
 | Reach [[Peak (biome)|The Peak]].

* Granted to all living players upon escaping the island.
| {{Item|Stetson Hat|link=Stetson Hat|label=Scoutmaster Hat}}
|-
 | id="Plunderer Badge" | {{Badge|Plunderer|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Plunderer Badge
 | Open 15 [[Luggage]]s in a single expedition.

* Granted to a player immediately after opening their 15th luggage.
| {{Item|Accessory Eyepatch|label=Eyepatch|link=Eyepatch}}
|-
 | id="Resourcefulness Badge" | {{Badge|Resourcefulness|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Resourcefulness Badge
 | Give in to your hunger.

* Requires [[cannibalism]] or eating a {{item|Cooked Bird}} with cannibalism disabled.
 | {{Item|Mouth Labu|label=Labu Mouth|link=Labu Mouth}}
|-
 | id="Survivalist Badge" | {{Badge|Survivalist|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Survivalist Badge
 | Escape the [[island]] without ever losing consciousness.

* Losing consciousness for any reason disqualifies you for this badge, not just dying.
* Granted to each living player who meets the requirement upon escaping the island.
| {{Item|Scoutmaster Outfit Shorts|link=Scoutmaster Outfit|label=Scoutmaster Outfit}}
|-
 | id="Tread Lightly Badge" | {{Badge|Tread Lightly|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Tread Lightly Badge
 | Climb past the [[ROOTS]] without ever having more than 25% spores.

* Granted to all living players who meet the requirements when the campfire at the end is lit, even if they were just revived.
| {{Item|Hat PlagueDoctor|link=Plague Doctor Hat|label=Plague Doctor Hat}}
{{Item|Fit PlagueDoctor|link=Plague Doctor Outfit|label=Plague Doctor Outfit}}
|-
 | id="Toxicology Badge" | {{Badge|Toxicology|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Toxicology Badge
 | Restore 200 total {{poison}} by using items.

* Can be completed during the course of multiple expeditions.
* Healing another player counts to your own badge progress, not theirs.
* Granted immediately upon reaching the required total.
 | {{Item|Mouth Vampire|link=Vampire Fangs|label=Vamp}}
|-
 | id="Trailblazer Badge" | {{Badge|Trailblazer|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Trailblazer Badge
 | Climb past the [[TROPICS]].

* Granted to all living players when the campfire at the end is lit, even if they were just revived.
| {{Item|Pith Helmet|label=Fedora|link=Fedora}}
|-
 | id="Ultimate Badge" | {{Badge|Ultimate|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Ultimate Badge
 | Catch a {{Item|Flying Disc}} from 100m away.

* Granted upon picking up a qualifying disc.
* A disc that lands in water is not considered to have touched the ground, allowing the badge to be obtained in a solo expedition.
| {{Item|Visor}}
|-
 | id="Undead Encounter Badge" | {{Badge|Undead Encounter|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Undead Encounter Badge
 | Cure yourself from a [[zombie]] bite.

* Granted to a player who is bitten by a zombie after they have {{Spores|0}}.
* Cannot be earned on [[Ascents|Tenderfoot]] because zombies don't spawn at this difficulty level.
| {{Item|Hat Pumpkin|link=Pumpkin Hat|label=Pumpkin Hat}}
|-
 | id="Volcanology Badge" | {{Badge|Volcanology|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Volcanology Badge
 | Climb past the [[CALDERA]].

* Granted to all living players who meet the requirements when the campfire at the end is lit, even if they were just revived.
| {{Item|Tropical Outfit Shorts|link=Tropical Outfit|label=Tropical Outfit}}
|-
 | id="Web Security Badge" | {{Badge|Web Security|link=0|size=64px}}
 | Web Security Badge
 | Escape a [[spider]]'s web and survive.

* Granted to the player immediately upon escaping the web.
| {{Item|Hat Mummy|link=Mummy Hat|label=Mummy Hat}}
{{Item|Fit Mummy|link=Mummy Outfit|label=Mummy Outfit}}
|-
|}

== Original badges ==
'''Original badges''' consist of all the badges introduced before the [[Mesa]] update ([[1.20.a]]). Obtaining all the original badges unlocks the {{Item|Hat Crown|link=Crown|label=Crown}}. The original badges take up the first two rows on the Accolades screen, from {{Badge|Participation}} to {{Badge|Endurance}}, inclusive.

{{Collapsible block
| title = List of the original badges
| content =
  {{Hlist
  | class = inline
  | {{Badge|Participation}}
  | {{Badge|Beachcomber}}
  | {{Badge|Trailblazer}}
  | {{Badge|Alpinist}}
  | {{Badge|Volcanology}}
  | {{Badge|Peak}}
  | {{Badge|Cooking}}
  | {{Badge|Happy Camper}}
  | {{Badge|Bouldering}}
  | {{Badge|Toxicology}}
  | {{Badge|Foraging}}
  | {{Badge|Esoterica}}
  | {{Badge|Lone Wolf}}
  | {{Badge|Clutch}}
  | {{Badge|Balloon}}
  | {{Badge|Leave No Trace}}
  | {{Badge|Hasty}}
  | {{Badge|Bing Bong}}
  | {{Badge|Naturalist}}
  | {{Badge|Gourmand}}
  | {{Badge|Mycology}}
  | {{Badge|First Aid}}
  | {{Badge|Survivalist}}
  | {{Badge|Animal Serenading}}
  | {{Badge|Arborist}}
  | {{Badge|Mentorship}}
  | {{Badge|Knot Tying}}
  | {{Badge|Emergency Preparedness}}
  | {{Badge|High Altitude}}
  | {{Badge|Plunderer}}
  | {{Badge|Bookworm}}
  | {{Badge|Endurance}}
  }}
}}

== Patch history ==
{{patch|1.0|
* Introduced. }}
{{patch|1.20.a|
* Added 10 new badges to collect!
** 24 Karat Badge, Aeronautics Badge, Astronomy Badge, Cool Cucumber Badge, Daredevil Badge, Megaentomology Badge, Needlepoint Badge, Nomad Badge, Resourcefulness Badge, Ultimate Badge. }}
{{patch|1.30.a|
* Added Bundled Up Badge. }}
{{patch|1.40.a|
* Added 11 new badges to earn, each with associated cosmetics to unlock as rewards! }}

[[Category:PEAK]]