{{Merge|Items}}

'''Equipment''' are [[items]] in {{Peak game}} that the player can (in most cases) use to their advantage along their climb. Players will find most equipment in [[luggage]], and some at the starting [[crash site]] or the top of a [[biome]]. Their purpose and usefulness vary greatly; some can help reduce ill-effects on the [[stamina bar]], some can be used to make travel easier while others may be most suited for completing [[badges]].

== List of Equipment ==
===Consumable===
{| class="wikitable"
|+
!Icon
!Item
!Weight
!Notes
|-
|{{Icon|Antidote|size=64px}}
|[[Antidote]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* Removes {{heat|10}}.
* Removes {{poison|35}}.
* Removes {{Status|Spores|35}}.
|-
|{{Icon|Balloon|size=64px}}
|[[Balloon]]
|{{Weight|-5|label=}}
|
* Lowers gravity by '''18%''' per Balloon for '''2 minutes''' or when '''100m''' has passed.
* Using 6 Balloons at the same time allows for limited flight.
* Can be stacked with itself and Balloon Bunches.
* Passively removes {{Status|Weight|5}} when held, in inventory, or in a {{Item|Backpack}}.
|-
|{{Icon|Balloon Bunch|size=64px}}
|[[Balloon Bunch]]
|{{Weight|-15|label=}}
|
* Lowers gravity by '''54%''' per Balloon Bunch for '''2 minutes''' or when '''100m''' has passed.
* Using 2 Balloon Bunches at the same time allows for limited flight.
* Can be stacked with itself and Balloons.
* Passively removes {{Status|Weight|15}} when held, in inventory, or in a {{Item|Backpack}}.
|-
|{{Icon|Bandages|size=64px}}
|[[Bandages]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* Removes {{injury|30}}.
* Takes 4 seconds to use.
|-
|{{Icon|Blowgun|size=64px}}
|[[Blowgun]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* Shoots a single dart with these effects on target scout:
** Clears all status effects except {{curse}}.
** Inflicts {{drowsy|120}}.
* Cannot spawn in solo play.
|-
|{{Icon|First Aid Kit|size=64px}}
|[[First Aid Kit]]
|{{Weight|5|label=}}
|
* Removes {{poison|100}}.
* Removes {{Status|Spores|100}}
* Removes {{injury|100}}.
* Takes 5 seconds to use.
|-
|{{Icon|Flare|size=64px}}
|[[Flare]]
|{{Weight|0|label=}}
|
* Can be lit to display a tall column of colourful smoke matching the colour of the player's scout.
* Summons the rescue helicopter if used at the [[Peak (biome)]].
|-
|{{Icon|Heat Pack|size=64px}}
|[[Heat Pack]]
|{{Weight|0|label=}}
|
* Removes {{cold|360}} over '''60''' seconds.
|-
|{{Icon|Remedy Fungus|size=64px}}
|[[Remedy Fungus]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* Creates a cloud of smoke when dropped that removes {{injury|45}} and {{Poison|30}} over time to scouts within the cloud.
|-
|{{Icon|Rescue Claw|size=64px}}
|[[Rescue Claw]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* Pulls the player's scout towards terrain, or other scouts towards the player's scout, with a range of '''30m''' when aiming above the horizon, and '''40m''' when aiming below.
* Part of the {{badge|Disaster Response}}
|-
|{{Icon|Scroll|size=64px}}
|[[Scroll]]
|{{Weight|0|label=}}
|
* Can be opened to reveal a [[torn page]].
|-
|{{Icon|Sunscreen|size=64px}}
|[[Sunscreen]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* Has 3 uses.
* Sprays a cloud of sunscreen that gives temporary sun protection for '''90''' seconds.
** Protection is given to any player that enters the cloud.
|}

===Placeable===
{| class="wikitable"
|+
!Icon
!Item
!Weight
!Notes
|-
|{{Icon|Bounce Fungus|size=64px}}
|[[Bounce Fungus]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* Creates a bouncy platform aligned with the terrain it was thrown at.
* Bouncing on it regens a portion of stamina each bounce.
* Can be used for the {{Badge|Mycoacrobatics}}
|-
|{{Icon|Chain Launcher|size=64px}}
|[[Chain Launcher]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* Creates a length of chain between two points that can be climbed on like a vine.
* The chain originates from the point where the user fired the launcher.
* The chain launcher cannot fire a chain upwards.
|-
|{{Icon|Checkpoint Flag|size=64px}}
|[[Checkpoint Flag]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* Creates a single-use respawn checkpoint for the Scout who placed it, saving & restoring all statuses when it was placed.
|-
|{{Icon|Cloud Fungus|size=64px}}
|[[Cloud Fungus]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* Creates a platform when it is thrown at a wall.
* Creates a platform at the apex of a throw mid-air.
|-
|{{Icon|Magic Bean|size=64px}}
|[[Magic Bean]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* After '''3''' seconds from being dropped or thrown it will begin to grow a vine up to '''10''' metres tall if unobstructed.
|-
|{{Icon|Piton|size=64px}}
|[[Piton]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* Attaches to a climbable surface to provide a point for scouts to grab and rest to regenerate stamina.
** Limited to 1 scout at a time.
* Items from the main inventory can be used while hanging on a placed piton.
|-
|{{Icon|Portable Stove|size=64px}}
|[[Portable Stove]]
|{{Weight|5|label=}}
|
* Used to cook items.
* Removes {{Status|Cold|5}} per second from Scouts within 2 metres.
* Lasts for '''60''' seconds after being placed.
|-
|{{Icon|Rope Cannon|size=64px}}
|[[Rope Cannon]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* Shoots a harpoon that will drop '''7.5''' metres of rope on contact with a compatible surface.
|-
|{{Icon|Rope Spool|size=64px}}
|[[Rope Spool]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* Creates lengths of climbable rope (up to '''10''' metres) that can be attached to any climbable surface.
* Rope is affected by gravity.
* Each spool contains '''12.5''' metres of rope.
|-
|{{Icon|Scout Cannon|size=64px}}
|[[Scout Cannon]]
|{{Weight|15|label=}}
|
* Can be aimed vertically.
* When used, places down an infinite-use cannon locked into its adjusted angle and position.
* After a short delay after the fuse has been lit, the object or Scout inside the cannon is launched out.
|-
|{{Icon|Shelf Fungus|size=64px}}
|[[Shelf Fungus]]
|{{Weight|2.5|label=}}
|
* Creates a platform when it is thrown at a wall.
|}

===Usable===
{| class="wikitable sortable"
 ! class="unsortable" | Icon
 ! Item
 ! Weight
 ! class="unsortable" | Notes
|-
 | {{Icon|Backpack|size=64px}}
 | [[Backpack]]
 | {{Weight|0|label=}}
 |
* Found at the crash site and campfires.
* Can be used to carry 4 additional items.
|-
 | {{Icon|Bing Bong|size=64px}}
 | [[Bing Bong]]
 | {{Weight|5|label=}}
 |
* Can be used for the {{badge|Bing Bong}}.
* Used to talk to streamers on occasion, feature deleted from the game in June.
* Player can "ask" Bing Bong "yes or no" questions
|-
 | {{Icon|Binoculars|size=64px}}
 | [[Binoculars]]
 | {{Weight|0|label=}}
 | 
* Can be used for the {{badge|Astronomy}}.
* Used to see farther.
|-
 | {{Icon|Bugle|size=64px}}
 | [[Bugle]]
 | {{Weight|0|label=}}
 | 
* Plays a musical note when used.
* Can be used for the {{badge|Animal Serenading}}.
|-
 | {{Icon|Compass|size=64px}}
 | [[Compass]]
 | {{Weight|0|label=}}
 | 
* Points towards the [[Peak (biome)]].
|-
 | {{Icon|Flying Disc|size=64px}}
 | [[Flying Disc]]
 | {{Weight|0|label=}}
 |
*Can be used for the {{badge|Ultimate}}.
* Can be thrown at other scouts to bonk them.
|-
 | {{Icon|Guidebook|size=64px}}
 | [[Guidebook]]
 | {{Weight|0|label=}}
 | 
* Teaches player how to play the game.
|-
 | {{Icon|Lantern|size=64px}}
 | [[Lantern]]
 | {{Weight|5|label=}}
 |
* Removes {{cold|150}} over '''60''' seconds from nearby players.
* Can be extinguished to preserve the remaining fuel.
* Will stay lit while stowed in a dropped [[Backpack]].
|-
 | {{Icon|Parasol|size=64px}}
 | [[Parasol]]
 | {{Weight|2.5|label=}}
 |
* Protects the player from the harsh sunlight in the [[Mesa]].
* Slows the player's falling speed while in the air.
|-
 | {{Icon|Pirate's Compass|size=64px}}
 | [[Pirate's Compass]]
 | {{Weight|0|label=}}
 | 
* Points to the nearest unopened [[luggage]].
|-
 | {{Icon|Torch|size=64px}}
 | [[Torch]]
 | {{Weight|0|label=}}
 |
* Found only inside the [[Tomb]].
* Provides temporary light source.
|}

== Mystical Items ==
'''[[:Category:Mystical Items|Mystical Items]]''' are [[items]] that can only be obtained through the [[Ancient Luggage]], [[Ancient Statue]] or in secret locations. Obtaining a mystical item grants the player the {{Badge|Esoterica}}.

{| class="wikitable sortable"
 ! class="unsortable" | Icon
 ! Item
 ! Weight
 ! class="unsortable" | Notes
|-
 | {{Icon|Ancient Idol|size=64px}}
 | [[Ancient Idol]]
 | {{Weight|40|label=}}
 |
* Found exclusively inside the [[Tomb]].
* Grants complete invincibility from any damage or negative status effects while actively held.
** The scout can still receive knockback from damaging sources like {{Item|Dynamite}}, which can cause falling down the mountain and losing progress.
* Prevents consumption of {{bonus}} while actively held.
* Can be thrown into the lava of [[The Kiln]] to receive the {{badge|24 Karat}}.
|-
 | {{Icon|Anti-Rope Cannon|size=64px}}
 | [[Anti-Rope Cannon]]
 | {{Weight|0|label=}}
 |
* Shoots a harpoon that will deploy a length of gravity defying anti-rope on contact with a compatible surface.
* '''A dropped anti-rope Cannon can float away!'''
|-
 | {{Icon|Anti-Rope Spool|size=64px}}
 | [[Anti-Rope Spool]]
 | {{Weight|-2.5|label=}}
 | 
* Creates lengths of climbable anti-rope (up to '''10''' metres) that can be attached to any climbable surface.
* Anti-rope will defy gravity and float upwards.
* Each spool contains '''12.5''' metres of anti-rope.
* '''A dropped spool of anti-rope will float upwards!'''
|-
 | {{Icon|Bugle of Friendship|size=64px}}
 | [[Bugle of Friendship]]
 | {{Weight|2.5|label=}}
 |
* Plays a musical note when used.
* Gives scouts in a large radius infinite [[Stamina]] while being played, up to a total of '''7.5''' seconds.
* Can be used for the {{badge|Animal Serenading}}.
* Cannot spawn in solo play.
|-
 | {{Icon|Cure-All|size=64px}}
 | [[Cure-All]]
 | {{Weight|2.5|label=}}
 |
* Has 3 uses.
* Removes {{Hunger|20}}, {{poison|35}}, {{Status|Spores|35}}, {{injury|35}}, {{drowsy|35}}, {{cold|35}}, {{heat|35}}, {{Thorns|25}}, and {{curse|5}}.
* Cooking will cause the item to explode but will instantly give the player one use.
* Dropping the Cure-All causes it to shatter.
|-
 | {{Icon|Cursed Skull|size=64px}}
 | [[Cursed Skull]]
 | {{Weight|5|label=}}
 |
* Use instantly kills the Scout holding it and grants other Scouts {{bonus|50}} and cleanses all negative status effects aside from {{curse}}.
* Can only be found in [[Ancient Luggage]].
* Cannot spawn in solo play.
|-
 | {{Icon|Faerie Lantern|size=64px}}
 | [[Faerie Lantern]]
 | {{Weight|5|label=}}
 |
* Removes {{heat|75}}, {{cold|150}}, {{poison|75}}, {{Status|Spores|75}}, {{drowsy|150}} and {{injury|75}} over '''30''' seconds from nearby players.
* Can be extinguished to preserve the remaining fuel.
* Will stay lit while stowed in a dropped [[Backpack]].
|-
 | {{Icon|Pandora's Lunchbox|size=64px}}
 | [[Pandora's Lunchbox]]
 | {{Weight|2.5|label=}}
 |
* Has 3 uses. 
* Clears all status then randomizes {{hunger}}, {{bonus}}, {{injury}}, {{poison}}, {{Status|Spores}}, {{cold}}, {{heat}}, and {{drowsy}}.
* Cooking will cause the box to explode but will instantly inflict one use on the player.
|-
 | {{Icon|Scout Effigy|size=64px}}
 | [[Scout Effigy]]
 | {{Weight|5|label=}}
 | 
* Used to revive a dead scout at the target location.
* Cannot spawn in solo play.
|-
 | {{Icon|Scoutmaster's Bugle|size=64px}}
 | [[Scoutmaster's Bugle]]
 | {{Weight|2.5|label=}}
 |
* User and nearby scouts gain {{bonus|100}}.
* Summons the [[Scoutmaster]] for two minutes and marks the user as his target.
* Much rarer then other mystical items.
|-
 | {{Icon|The Book of Bones|size=64px}}
 | [[The Book of Bones]]
 | {{Weight|2.5|label=}}
 |
* User will become a living skeleton on self use.
* Using on another player's skeleton will cause them to rise as a living skeleton.
* Becoming a skeleton will deal {{curse|25}} on use.
* Living skeleton are impervious to all afflictions other than {{injury}} and {{Curse}}.
* {{injury}} taken is greatly increased, instantly killing the player if max stamina is overtaken.
* Using while already a skeleton will turn you back into a normal scout, removing {{Curse|25}}.
* Cooking will cause is to restore {{Status|Curse|25}} instead of dealing it
|}